hi so we hear the huawei and you
launching this huge phone use new for
largest green spot for the largest
smartphone in the world okay i canna
hold it wha 6.1 inch ultra thin
ultra large but fits in a bucket of
course is it working yet but it's not
too big
there's no problem there's no condom did
you see that is in his bucket right here
all right so this is a 611 what we call
it the mate we call all we have stand
mate nice so what is the specs cpu GPU
is for 1.50 1.5 yes huawei hisilicon
puzzle k3v 22 yes so 1.55 so columns
very life on this big screen battery
life is 450
4050 milliamp yes very life is going to
be like many hours colleen michael kors
20 miles continue 20 hours continues
yeah Tenten miles latest version of
Android yeah so what are you going to
launch this and how much it's going to
cost which country is how soon first we
were launching in China and then maybe
go to other countries globally who else
a locally around the march around March
a statue
send on to all
this is really cool so mates is a new
style right it's not game under not
platinum is what is this recorder a new
series made news you're not how about
next month's Mobile World Congress
Barcelona you have more yeah have
another you have something more what a
lot so what way is big big phone big
company coming with many new phones I
think it just looks cool it was really
cool the brightness is that automatic
right now I can put it the maximum
brightness
and it looks just super bright like
right here and this is the Y way you I
is not the what you call it the emotion
UI emotions emotion UI right here and
with the camera para mode
hot looks I like filming myself here at
the fair at CES but when I feel this way
behind me it says quote come yeah haha
this will come right here so this
Qualcomm but not in this one you are not
in this are valuing this megan fox
alright so thanks for watching
pathetically well BTW depth
firstly president even a voltage that
followed us also to you well my
you